
1. Remove all "Chaos left over from previous runs" feature. Each script launch is a separate run, dont attempt to recover any leftovers, bad previous run. Put this in permnament note/memory
2. After price check init, agent shop still on Purchase tab, Chaos resupply feature is broken. Investigate why. I suspect the steps are not compatible and Chaos need to look at Register tab first ? 
3. Resupply Chaos/Cores before initialize price checks, this can fill the floor price naturally, and prevent any bugs going forward. 
4. After price check init stage, I dont see it listed in the model's rows ? Each row still have - as their floor price in the printing. Ensure the model does take advantage of the init price check floor. 
5. Make model data structure global in the script, so no need to pass it around/causing extra bugs. It can be accessed from any where
6. Instead of making a fixed 5 rows needed for resupplying, can we dynamically calculate how many rows are actually needed BEFORE we click buy on first rows ? i.e. if we currently have 199 cores, clicking buy will make us have 700 total, then we can calculate thats 3 rows needed. Check model to see if we have >= 3 rows or not. No need for walk here, model should contain this info beforehand.
7. It still seems like we are walking twice per cycle, thats not necessary and not needed, extra work. Put debugging prints for ALL walks, every function call in the code. I noticed we only print once, but in-game we walked twice. 

Log: (Row model (ENFORCING) - walking the whole shop once to seed it (all 30 slots); later cycles answer from it.
  [TABLE WALK #1 this cycle] shop_listing_pairs is reading the table, the whole shop.
  wheel calibrated: 3 notch(es) moved 3 row(s), so one notch = 1 row(s).
  stepping the full 7 rather than 2: the wheel is calibrated at 1 row(s) per notch, so the shift does not have to be read off the rows.
  stepping the full 7 rather than 5: the wheel is calibrated at 1 row(s) per notch, so the shift does not have to be read off the rows.
  30 listing(s) in the shop (20 beyond the first screen))


Walk 1 is here [TABLE WALK #1 this cycle], walk 2 is here (  stepping the full 7 rather than 2: the wheel is calibrated at 1 row(s) per notch, so the shift does not have to be read off the rows.
  stepping the full 7 rather than 5: the wheel is calibrated at 1 row(s) per notch, so the shift does not have to be read off the rows.)
  Are 2 walks necessary ? Make it reduce the frequency. 

8. Seems like Chaos isnt getting collected immediately. It stays uncollected for entire run. Make it such that when the chaos are sold, we can collect it immediately and if it goes below the threshold, resupply.

After each step is completed and implemented/fixed. Launch 1 agent each task to review the code changes. 